Global logging format changes (#32741)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-observability/ray-logging.rst

Logging
=======
This document explains Ray's logging system and related best practices.

Internal Ray Logging Configuration
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> When ``import ray`` is executed, Ray's logging system is initialized, generating a sensible configuration given in ``python/ray/log.py``. The default logging level is ``logging.INFO``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When ``import ray`` is executed, Ray's logger is initialized, generating a sensible configuration given in ``python/ray/log.py``. The default logging level is ``logging.INFO``.
```

All ray loggers are automatically configured in ``ray._private.ray_logging``. To change the ray library logging config:

.. code-block:: python

   import logging

   logger = logging.getLogger("ray")
   logger # Modify the ray logging config

Similarly, to modify the logging configuration for any ray subcomponent, specify the appropriate logger name. For example, to modify the `ray.rllib` log configuration,

.. code-block:: python

   import logging

>    logger = logging.getLogger("ray.rllib")

Reviewer: Can you add examples for all libraries (data, tune, rllib, air, train, workflow)?

Author: Yep, I added a section showing how to grab handles for each of the ray loggers, and how to set the logging level and add a handler for two different ray subpackages.

Logging
=======
This document explains Ray's logging system and related best practices.

Internal Ray Logging Configuration
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> When ``import ray`` is executed, Ray's logger is initialized, generating a sensible configuration given in ``python/ray/_private/log.py``. The default logging level is ``logging.INFO``.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't the default logging level be "WARNING"? "INFO" is normally quite chatty (at least for RLlib).

Author: [The default logging level is `INFO`](https://github.com/peytondmurray/ray/blob/76c47941459f68e074e0a01e0d1c34e0d8c5d8ec/python/ray/_private/log.py#L111) - except for RLlib, [which is `WARNING`](https://github.com/peytondmurray/ray/blob/76c47941459f68e074e0a01e0d1c34e0d8c5d8ec/python/ray/_private/log.py#L117) because of the issue raised in [this PR](https://github.com/ray-project/ray/pull/31858). Maybe I should add a note about this to the documentation?

We currently have a test to ensure that the logging level of ray and each subpackage is not inadvertently modified, so that this doesn't happen in the future either.

> All ray loggers are automatically configured in ``ray._private.ray_logging``. To change the ray library logging config:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
All ray loggers are automatically configured in ``ray._private.ray_logging``. To change the Ray library logging configuration:
```

.. code-block:: python

   import logging

   logger = logging.getLogger("ray")
   logger # Modify the ray logging config

> Similarly, to modify the logging configuration for any ray subcomponent, specify the appropriate logger name:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Similarly, to modify the logging configuration for any Ray subcomponent, specify the appropriate logger name:
```

Tip: To avoid `print` statements from the driver conflicting with tqdm output, use `ray.experimental.tqdm_ray.safe_print` instead.

> Customizing worker loggers

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Customizing Worker Loggers
```

---------------------------
.. _logging-directory-structure:

By default, Ray logs are stored in a ``/tmp/ray/session_*/logs`` directory.

.. note::

>     The default temp directory is ``/tmp/ray`` (for Linux and Mac OS). If you'd like to change the temp directory, you can specify it when ``ray start`` or ``ray.init()`` is called.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    The default temp directory is ``/tmp/ray`` (for Linux and MacOS). To change the temp directory, specify it when you call ``ray start`` or ``ray.init()``.
```

  For the logs of the actual installations (including e.g. ``pip install`` logs), see the ``runtime_env_setup-[job_id].log`` file (see below).
- ``runtime_env_setup-[job_id].log``: Logs from installing :ref:`runtime environments <runtime-environments>` for a task, actor or job.  This file will only be present if a runtime environment is installed.
- ``runtime_env_setup-ray_client_server_[port].log``: Logs from installing :ref:`runtime environments <runtime-environments>` for a job when connecting via :ref:`Ray Client <ray-client-ref>`.

> - ``worker-[worker_id]-[job_id]-[pid].[out|err]``: Python/Java part of Ray drivers and workers. All of stdout and stderr from tasks/actors are streamed here. Note that job_id is an id of the driver.-

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- ``worker-[worker_id]-[job_id]-[pid].[out|err]``: Python/Java part of Ray drivers and workers. All stdout and stderr from tasks or actors are streamed here. Note that job_id is an id of the driver.
```
